feat(create-mud): change `anvil` to create a block every two seconds (#2635)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/polite-dots-tell.md

---
"create-mud": patch
---

> feat(create-mud): change `anvil` to create a block every two seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated `anvil` args with two second block time to better reflect L2s
```
